Add commands for navigation of alerts (#1568)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

- Fix a bug where it was not possible to add a database folder if the folder name starts with `db-`. [#1565](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1565)

> - Added commands for navigating up, down, left, or right in the result viewer. Previously there were only commands for moving up and down the currently-selected path. We suggest binding keyboard shortcuts to these commands, for navigating the result viewer using the keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add commands for navigating up, down, left, or right in the result viewer. Previously there were only commands for moving up and down the currently-selected path. We suggest binding keyboard shortcuts to these commands, for navigating the result viewer using the keyboard. [#1568](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1568)
```
